We've seen how an object becomes an entity and how it's mapped to a table,
but entities can be related to
other entities just like tables can be related to each other.
Let's look at our Orders and OrderItems entities.
An order can contain many order items.
In modeling terminology, order has a one-to-many relation with OrderItem.
Let's see how we can map this relationship in JPA.
Here, we have two entities Book and Author,
the relation between a book and an author can be described as
an author can write a book and a book can be returned by several authors.
This is called a many-to-many relationship.
In order to map a many-to-many relationship,
we have to use an additional table called the mapping table or a join table.
Book_Author is the mapping table here and it
contains the primary keys of both Book and author tables.
In JPA, here's how we would map this,
we have the entity book here with the usual annotations and we also
have the entity author with the usual annotations that are needed for an entity.
In Book we have a list of authors.
This list is annotated with the many-to-many annotation this tells
JPA that there is a many-to-many relationship between Book and Author.
Now it needs to know about the join table and the corresponding foreign keys.
The join table annotation here specifies the name of
the join table and the foreign key column for
this entity book which is BookId and
also the inverse joint column which is the foreign key for the Author table.
If you look in the Author entity it is also mapped with
a many-to-many relationship but it's simply
states the mapping is done on the book entity side,
so it doesn't have to specify the relationship again.
This is how you map a many-to-many relationship.
There is one more type of relationship called
a one-to-one relationship which is discussed in the following section.